docs:#1339 Make consistent naming for Build a Sample Application (#1550)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/partials/properties/cluster-properties.adoc

// end::redpanda-cloud[]

=== iceberg_default_catalog_namespace

> The default namespace (database name) for Iceberg tables. All tables created by Redpanda will be placed in this namespace within the Iceberg catalog. Supports nested namespaces as an array of strings. IMPORTANT: This value must be configured before enabling Iceberg and must not be changed afterward. Changing it will cause Redpanda to lose track of existing tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default namespace (database name) for Iceberg tables. All tables created by Redpanda will be placed in this namespace within the Iceberg catalog. Supports nested namespaces as an array of strings. 

IMPORTANT: This value must be configured before enabling Iceberg and must not be changed afterward. Changing it will cause Redpanda to lose track of existing tables.
```

// end::redpanda-cloud[]

=== iceberg_default_catalog_namespace

The default namespace (database name) for Iceberg tables. All tables created by Redpanda will be placed in this namespace within the Iceberg catalog. Supports nested namespaces as an array of strings. 

> IMPORTANT: This value must be configured before enabling Iceberg and must not be changed afterward. Changing it will cause Redpanda to lose track of existing tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Iceberg catalog namespace where Redpanda creates tables. Supports nested namespaces as an array of strings. 

IMPORTANT: Configure this value before enabling Iceberg. Do not change it afterward, or Redpanda loses track of existing tables.
```
